{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset134 SimSun;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 *Hi Friends!*\par
Today I want to show you how to root your Nvidia Shield, for development purposes, as well as for repairing a bricked system. \par
I spent over 80 hours researching how exactly this works, and bricked my system over 30 times to try to figure out every way one could "brick" their system in the process of flash.. and succeeded.. so now you don't have to fail 29 times like I did. :-)\par
I have created a toolkit that contains all the drivers, files, and some executable adb code I wrote from guides I read. I will credit all my sources as always in a seperate file, saved in the SHIELDROOT folder, as it is very, very many this time. It will also be posted on forums that allow such a massive data dump.\par
Note that if you prefer, I have attached a standalone ADB executable (powershell) that you can use to manually add the commands. Just right click the batch files, select edit, and you can copy and paste the commands one at time, for troubleshooting purposes.\par
\par
*DOWNLOAD SHIELDROOT:* \par
\par
*FULL VIDEO GUIDE*\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/JvtF0lgMOqA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/JvtF0lgMOqA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
*WRITTEN INSTRUCTIONS*\par
\par
*Step one:*\par
Plug your usb hub into the port next to your hdmi.\par
Plug a usb-c cable into the other port.\par
You will need an Nvidia Controller, a USB Hub, Portable Drive.\par
As well as a mouse and controller.\par
\par
*How to Boot into the bootloader:*\par
Unplug the power cord from the Shield, then reapply it.\par
Using your Nvidia Controller, hold A and B until the Bootloader shows.\par
Select Unlock the bootloader.\par
Select Factory Data Reset.\par
Hit Reboot and remove the power cord, then unplug the usb from PC.\par
Wait a few seconds then add the power cord to the Shield.\par
Leave  the USBC unplugged from your PC.\par
Hold A and B to post back into the bootloader.\par
\par
*Setting up the Shield Drivers:*\par
Open Device Manager on your PC.\par
Plug the USBC cable into your PC.\par
Right click on the new device and hit update driver.\par
Browse Manually to Shield Drivers.\par
Then hit, "let me pick from a list".\par
Select I have a Disk.\par
Then install the andriod.usb file.\par
\par
*Rooting the Shield, While Flashing a Custom, Fully Rooted System:*\par
In SHIELDROOT, Run OEMUnlock.\par
Unplug the USB-C From the PC and Reapply. (Must do to fix broke fastboot after unlock)\par
Run ShieldRoot.\par
This will flash the NVIDIA Developer Rooted images we need to install custom OS and Root.\par
This will also flash TWRP for us, to recovery as well as boot. \par
This purposely bricks the system to run TWRP on boot until we achieve desired results.\par
\par
*Flashing the OS and optional GAPPS:*\par
Have Lineage and Gapps saved to a portable drive.\par
Plug the drive into your usb hub.\par
Select Install in TWRP and start with Lineage. \par
Do the same thing for GAPPS If you want to have your playstore. RECOMMENDED. \par
Unless you know what you're doing... and you want Google to not spy on your shield.\par
The GAPPS Version is the mini TV build so it runs much smoother. \par
\par
*Sideloading the Root:*\par
Go into Advanced on TWRP.\par
Select Sideload ADB.\par
Then run the SideloadRootApp.bat file.\par
Lastly SideloadRootManger.bat file.\par
Select Reboot system.\par
Setup your system how you please.\par
\par
*Unlock Developer Options:*\par
Go into settings.\par
Device preferences.\par
About.\par
Build, hit build 7 times.\par
 \par
*Setting up the ADB Tools for Developers or Pentesters:*\par
Go into developer options.\par
Enable USB Debugging, all 4 options including Network debugging.\par
Take note of your IP address.\par
Right click AdbConnect.bat and select edit.\par
Add your IP address there.\par
\par
Run AdbConnect and select *Allow* on the Shield.\par
Run AdbConnect again and you will be successfully connected.\par
You can then get Root Access in ADB by running AdbR00t.bat if you need it.\par
Otherwise you have full access to push files, read and write over system partitions, etc.\par
\par
Also included files to reboot the system with one push, AdbReboot.bat\par
Reboot into the bootloader is included, Bootloader.bat\par
Take note you are able to drop apps into the SHIELDROOT folder and edit the push apps script.\par
I will be working on a rom with some of my favorite pen-testing tools, as well as a clean version.\par
I hope to release it publicly next month.\par
\par
Thank you to the community for always sharing their knowledge.\par
Love, Jen\par
\par
Youtube Vids:\par
FULL PLAYLIST: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
How To Root Andy MANUAL Windows Setup Andyroid 0.45.5.0 LATEST\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goyRc-Znt7o&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=1 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goyRc-Znt7o&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=1\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\f1\u-10179?\u-8923?\f0 Safely Backup and Restore FULL ROM using TWRP Recovery (4K)\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNXHbnvoCuI&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=2 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNXHbnvoCuI&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=2\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
How to fix "Zip Treble compatibility error!" Invalid zip file format! in TWRP custom recovery\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32ZTMkIQYyk&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=3&t=7s }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32ZTMkIQYyk&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=3&t=7s\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Linux File System/Structure Explained!\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbgzrKJvDRw&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=4 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbgzrKJvDRw&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Linux System Administration Full Course\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsh64rjnRas&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=5 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsh64rjnRas&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=5\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Easily Run Linux On Android With AndroNix - Linux Distro on Android without root\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvuufPWKF3k&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=6 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvuufPWKF3k&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=6\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
New Way to turn you PC into an Android TV Box with FydeOS - Bye Bye Android X86\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ss0Ies4nIfQ&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=7 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ss0Ies4nIfQ&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=7\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Nvidia Shield TV Pro 2015 SSD Swap out + Regrease The APU!\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOdvb3cCZSY&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=8 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOdvb3cCZSY&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Android multi-boot demo\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TX_Yr3qK3Qo&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=9 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TX_Yr3qK3Qo&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=9\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Magisk 22.1 - How to Install Magisk your Device ? | Root any Android Device 2021 \f1\u-10179?\u-8923?\u-10179?\u-8923?\f0\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__5EmISEj2g&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=10 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__5EmISEj2g&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=10\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
How to Download & Install GApps and Magisk on LineageOS 18.1 with LOS Recovery\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrCCMeGSTto&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=11 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrCCMeGSTto&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=11\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Nvidia shield TV users MUST watch - 10 Hidden features you did not know existed\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrMVbjwS3o8&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=12 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrMVbjwS3o8&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=12\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
LineageOS Custom Rom on Shield Android TV (2015)\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1_wiSIQ-Is&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=13 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1_wiSIQ-Is&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=13\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Nvidia Shield TV Pro (2021)\f2\'a3\'fc\f0 Watch Before You Buy\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yh0MofkC-0o&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=14 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yh0MofkC-0o&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=14\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Recovery OS Nvidia Shield TV installation\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yHvOotwRjw&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=15 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yHvOotwRjw&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=15\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
[HOW-TO] Install Full Android Nougat on Nvidia Shield TV 2015 - TWRP - ROOT [Bye Bye Android TV]\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQaYb4oVHVc&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=16 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQaYb4oVHVc&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=16\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Nvidia Shield Pro unlocked bootload, twrp and more\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb6ZChjK0Jo&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=17 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb6ZChjK0Jo&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=17\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Nvidia Shield TV Pro 2019 Boot Loop Repair (Recovery Image)\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc4m2Hfd4HY&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=18 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc4m2Hfd4HY&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=18\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
HOW TO ROOT NVIDIA SHIELD 16GB ON OREO UPDATE\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x893ajy9YVo&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=19 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x893ajy9YVo&list=PLErzGEIjyUlyiOLVl4aWDYRW-CJd6yF-N&index=19\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Website Links:\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://troypoint.com/wolf-launcher/ }}{\fldrslt{https://troypoint.com/wolf-launcher/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://developer.android.com/studio?gclid=Cj0KCQiA15yNBhDTARIsAGnwe0XsRSr2ALCeB14649LOMO6mMhLRshfI7GbCkzOaevGEiDUsLunD6UgaAhJGEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds#downloads }}{\fldrslt{https://developer.android.com/studio?gclid=Cj0KCQiA15yNBhDTARIsAGnwe0XsRSr2ALCeB14649LOMO6mMhLRshfI7GbCkzOaevGEiDUsLunD6UgaAhJGEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds#downloads\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://twrp.me/ }}{\fldrslt{https://twrp.me/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.speedsoftware.explorer&hl=en_US&gl=US }}{\fldrslt{https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.speedsoftware.explorer&hl=en_US&gl=US\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://developer.nvidia.com/shield-developer-os-images }}{\fldrslt{https://developer.nvidia.com/shield-developer-os-images\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://magiskmanager.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://magiskmanager.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://download.lineageos.org/ }}{\fldrslt{https://download.lineageos.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://opengapps.org/ }}{\fldrslt{https://opengapps.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/xdacirclejerk/comments/qvenr5/how_to_use_a_mouse_and_keyboard_on_stadia_google/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/xdacirclejerk/comments/qvenr5/how_to_use_a_mouse_and_keyboard_on_stadia_google/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33462720/adb-unable-to-connect-to-192-168-1-105555 }}{\fldrslt{https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33462720/adb-unable-to-connect-to-192-168-1-105555\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/AndroidTV/comments/jnxlmw/guidenatively_use_custom_launcher_on_chromecast/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/AndroidTV/comments/jnxlmw/guidenatively_use_custom_launcher_on_chromecast/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/how-to-pictures-adb-working-on-the-google-chromecast.2407250/ }}{\fldrslt{https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/how-to-pictures-adb-working-on-the-google-chromecast.2407250/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/how-to-root-and-install-magisk-on-nstv-2019-pro-v8-2-0.4189567/ }}{\fldrslt{https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/how-to-root-and-install-magisk-on-nstv-2019-pro-v8-2-0.4189567/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/how-to-skip-bypass-google-sign-in-nstv-pro-2019-with-any-firmware-versions.4189549/#post-83912015 }}{\fldrslt{https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/how-to-skip-bypass-google-sign-in-nstv-pro-2019-with-any-firmware-versions.4189549/#post-83912015\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/guide-8-2-3-magisk-root-magiskhide-twrp.4328569/ }}{\fldrslt{https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/guide-8-2-3-magisk-root-magiskhide-twrp.4328569/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
}
 